Update docs (#91)
osmosis-labs/mesh-security: docs/consumer/Consumer.md

  B -. IBC .-> K;
```

## Setup

### Contracts Setup

We must first instantiate a Price Feed contract(see [Price Normalization / Price Feeds](./Converter.md#price-feeds)),
and a [Virtual Staking](./VirtualStaking.md) contract must be stored on chain. So that we can get its code id.

Then the Converter contract is instantiated, which takes the address of the Price Feed contract, and the Code Id
of the Virtual Staking contract.
The Converter will then instantiate a Virtual Staking contract to work with it, as they both need references
to each other.
In addition to the Price Feed contract address and the code id of the Virtual Staking contract,
the Converter also needs the discount ratio, the remote denomination, and the admin of the Virtual Staking
contract, which is taken as an explicit argument, and normally will be the same admin of the Converter (but
could be a different one). This (wasm) admin is very important, as it is the only one who can migrate the Virtual
Staking contract if needed.

### IBC

> When we [deploy the contracts](../ibc/Overview.md#deployment), we connect the Converter on the Consumer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After we [deployed the contracts](../ibc/Overview.md#deployment), an IBC channel can be setup between Converter on the Consumer
```

chain with an [External Staking](../provider/ExternalStaking.md) contract on the Provider. Once this

> connection is established, Consumer governance can authorize this Converter with some ability to mint

Reviewer: This get's confusing for me. The consumer chain gov needs to authorize the Virtual Staking contract to mint virtual tokens. The Consumer contract orchestrates the mint/burn

on the [Virtual Staking](./VirtualStaking.md) contract.

> When IBC connection is established from the Converter, the Provider side [External Staking](../provider/ExternalStaking.md)

Reviewer: Please note: an IBC connection needs to be established between **chains** then a channel can be setup between **contracts**.
